and we're live right now no countdown
needed hey guys it's man of recaps
welcome to the game of Thrones final
episode pre-show yeah oh man we've got a
great great show for you here today
joining me on my left right brother of
brother yep I'm Vince
oh no no title forbids fair and
off-camera is I'm a beautiful girlfriend
who is reading the chat I want you if
anyone says anything really cool Jay
just interrupt me I'm probably not
saying anything too good so jump in with
it you'll be typing in there too for you
guys and yeah how about Game of Thrones
ending tonight I'm here to support all
of you cry it's important yeah it's
important to have some people around you
guys at home how many of you are at a
party right now like how many of you
have some friends around at least and
how many of you will be watching alone
there's nothing wrong with that either
because sometimes you just gotta give we
better locus it in and just enjoy the
moment let it wash over you but I'm glad
to have some good friends around and we
can you know experience it together this
is gonna be television history one way
or the other
yeah well it's true what do you mean
well it's one of the one of the biggest
shows of all times is that right what do
you think seems awesome this is the man
I have no idea I think I can see that
happening getting like the most-watched
TV show I've ever been to probably on
HBO they probably have be on cable mmm
to reach that it would probably be the
most watched HBO show ever it's gonna be
one of the most expensive shows also
right it's it's been up there yeah they
do a lot of they do a lot of big sets a
lot of dragons a lot of things like that
I actually don't know much about the
budget I assume it's pretty big they
couldn't give ghosts a little peck
goodbye though they didn't have the
budget for that I'll accept nothing less
than ghosts in there and through
anything so
that brings us to our first question who
do you guys think will be on the Iron
Throne yeah let's jump into uh let's
jump into and talk about it in fact we
have an exciting moment here the
envelope please I'm not gonna open this
yet but we will be opening this before
the show tonight this is my sealed
envelope Game of Thrones predictions I
wrote it before the season started
because um well I thought I was so right
that it would be sort of a spoiler to
tell anyone what I what if that was
gonna happen but we're gonna open it
before the episode tonight because I was
way off everything in here is basically
wrong so that'll be kind of a funny
segment you guys will get to see what I
wrote down six weeks ago uh who will be
on the Iron Throne though let's start
with what do you think what's your who
are you rooting for
well John of course yeah she sort of
took the city last episode she was angry
she's gonna be on the throne now someone
would have to take her off of it
I mean I guess the throne might be
destroyed most of the right feet
yeah it's actually kind of crumbling but
you can rebuild that she can rebuild
that yeah what about you you are you are
teen ghost yeah I make sure ghosts
aren't throne King of Kings in realms
you know the first dog oh of his name
yeah first of all his name I think
realistically though it's gonna be Jon
Snow on the Iron Throne rule because I
sort of feel like they've turned it in
on twists at the end here I think
they've been sort of leading up to that
from the beginning and then all this
season have been kind of just saying you
you're the right player so you should be
there yeah and it's gonna be fine yeah
John so John will be a good king and he
is he is one of the main characters I
guess it's been you know looking at the
series as a whole it's been him and
Danny are the two main main characters
here the two best candidates for the
throne so yeah I think I think a fair
bet is one of them
we'll be the one on the end here but of
course it's Game of Thrones anything
could happen
Vince do you have any loyalty I thought
you couldn't disagree more with that
sense man I think John and Danny at this
point are we gonna have a schism and
almost cancel each other out and they're
close to get the throne I would take
bran first and Sam set post seconds and
I would take mystery candidate third
over either John or Danny interesting
would be my best guest but yeah anyway
anything could happen maybe just still
Cersei somebody asked it Cersei actually
dead we'll see I mean it was um it's uh
we saw the rubble fall on her it looked
like she and Jamie were definitely dead
if the first scene of this episode is
her and Jamie laid the golden hand
coming out of the rubble pull Jersey up
and they survive I will drink everything
that's left in that bottle it's nothing
I finished it we finished it well
drinking holman bottle I don't know
we'll find one that would be hilarious
you know who is probably alive is the
mountain because he has stabbed in the
brain and was fine I don't think a
little tumble really killed him
cockroaches can survive a nuclear
explosion we still can kill it with fire
so yeah
it's true he's a he's a tough guy but he
didn't seem to fall directly into the
fire we'll see though I mean he might he
had said or right after Jaime and Cersei
crawl out they they look up and the
Hound in the mountain are there just
like getting up - oh I'm imagining the
mountain just like digging through the
rubble of the findings her see either
head of some reason he has loyalty to
her baby I love the way last episode how
he how he killed Qyburn yeah so loyal
does not I'm gonna fight my brother
sometimes you got a Clegane bull nothing
standing in the way any other good
checks are coming in wanna make sure you
know yeah so from reserve
oh do you think Aria fulfilling her
destiny of shutting brown eyes blue eyes
and green eyes my hint towards her
killing Danny I've seen this theory does
seems very plausible does Danny Hanna
Cerritos like a rock-solid theory I
think so but you know who else has green
eyes is like probably someone else I
don't know very few people I feel like
it's very rare yeah in fact lamellas on
her first said it I feel like she just
wanted to say three different colors of
eyes who's met them up because like she
probably never killed any green eyed
people it's hard to find that's that's
my I mean so Demi is obviously arias
list now man the only person arias list
cuz everyone else a David yeah that's
true rose to the top no doubt and so it
seems like that's gonna be her only
thing to do this episode what we what we
haven't had yet is a truly tragic kill
your loved one
I thought Jamie was going to kill Cersei
that was a big thing I thought was gonna
happen because you know that's well I
just thought Game of Thrones was a very
tragic show they do want to put they put
their characters through the most
difficult situations possible so I
thought that was gonna be happy have to
be his test his final moment I was
really hoping a dragon would eat Cersei
obviously what seems a little bit of fun
tale or a better vote but yeah I didn't
go that way so I sort of imagined that
jon is gonna be the one to kill Daenerys
you know he still he still loves her
even though she burned a lot of people
there and so that would be his most
tragic moment but I hey why not give -
Arya - alright JC makes a good point
that green eyes is green see your eyes
and so Brandon maybe is the bad guy whoa
which I haven't that Barry I'll tell you
what I was always very much against thee
you guys heard this just like bran is
the final bad guy berry bran McGee is
the night King you know some travel
situation or or maybe they were to feed
it up there but that was brands plan all
along
I remember when Brad first met that I
King in one of his visions they did sort
of make it seem like they were the same
person but the night king can walk you
bring him out but once he gets once he
turns to ice his legs get his legs
freeze and then he can like
he also compared against Mary Jax yeah I
don't know how the muscle no yeah so
those against those theories though that
bran was a bad guy but now it would be
kind of fun I would love to see an
awesome twist like that I would be like
okay I am surprised cool
so dad wanted that JC then says the
night king was trying to kill bran to
protect the humans neck he was pretty
committed to murdering humans right yeah
maybe just because they were in the way
of brown but that seems like a if he
planned their I don't know what do you
guys think about the goodbyes we saw in
the last couple episodes so we saw
tormund going back up north Jon Snow
just abandoning his dog basic basically
starting a dogfighting ring I mean might
as well Jamie Tyrion was probably the
best one right yeah that was a really
nice one good brother Millman and yeah
some other ones too a lot of the
characters up in the north
Jamie leaving Brienne Tour moons leaving
being said about Britain's yeah it was
nice to see these characters I love that
was the cool thing about this season we
got at the beginning we got a lot of
characters meeting you know for the
first time in a while or for the first
time at all and then then they all have
said goodbye as we're going here I hope
we get to see all these northern
characters again I imagine they'll play
a big part in the finale right last
episode they were just well non-existent
everyone that was left at Winterfell no
yeah also it's a good thing they had the
dragon because this is sold everyone
fighting for the north or for the not
lannister she was drunk
pretty much for like a week straight so
i don't imagine they would have actually
done very well badly they kept the party
going all the way from Adele all the way
down to King's Landing like it just kept
a lot of drinking there yeah I believe
that that's my new Canada so what do you
guys think of the writing so talking
about the goodbyes and
bring you down there what's up how's the
writing button for the final season or
have their yeah this has been a big a
big issue a lot of fans disappointed
with the season have you guys heard
about the petition people started to
just redo it where do you guys telling
that fill how do you feel I think I mean
from it's all about money in the end I
guess sadly for producers point of view
I think you know they need to play to
say if I don't know what the future of
Game of Thrones but maybe they're
thinking of that as well but um I could
see why it's disappointing for the
families ya know have you felt the drop
in quality in this season I haven't
really I'll say mine I say a little bit
I mean I'm not seeing heads getting
chopped up as much as I'd like but you
know I think it's more about the story
and how to finish it this season instead
of like all the jazz yeah because of
strong opinions of this unit I'm sorry I
expressed this a little bit before we
came on the air but I think it seemed to
me from the first episode of this season
when you had all the biggest characters
coming together it almost felt like a
powwow of the actors kind of night and
playing their characters but just kind
of hey we're here hanging out and we all
already funded it and this the series is
over we don't care much anymore which so
I don't know if that's writing or acting
but it just seems to me like they're
just doing things because they have to
there's no passion in this season and
also I think that if we're signing
petitions to get things changed we
should focus on the song the Hedgehog
design change so just gonna throw that
out there and sign the petition Sonics
you look like Sonic get that was a focus
on that and Vince you've never watched
any game with until this season you
watch my recap then joined right in I
caught a few episodes and I can get the
gist a bit based on like internet posts
and stuff like that I don't have a super
strong opinion but like from what I can
tell it's like pretty hard to
wrap-up shows like this when there's so
many moving parts and people are so
invested in the characters and they want
the endings to be you know special and
epic for every single one of them and I
look sometimes that's just not gonna
happen
and they're working without source
material now for the last couple seasons
through so like obviously there are
really talented writers behind
Game of Thrones but they're not all
george RR martin that and you know it's
pretty tough conditions I'd say like
yeah I think it's just been already
rather than incredible but I probably
wouldn't sign a petition no I mean I
haven't signed a petition and as for me
I'll say I really enjoyed the season but
yeah you know it's really hard to write
to get an ending right it's hard to nail
it and make especially when you have a
show that's been so good as Game of
Thrones has been for so long and you
know there's they seem to be working
with limited time so some things feel a
little rushed I think there's been a lot
of really great moments especially you
stuff that dumb the writers have always
been good at is just sort of personal
character interactions that's been
really good and the stuff that's been
lacking is sort of a stuff when you
start over analyzing it too much you're
looking at say characters making
decisions making battle plans it's like
oh why wouldn't Arya tell them ahead of
time that she plans to assassinate
Cersei and it's like well that would
ruin the drama of the the episode and so
there's been a lot a lot more of that
the season I think they've been like
look let's make good TV and one of the
things that's been great about Game of
Thrones and why I love the book so much
you read them if you haven't here's a
plug for that but it's a great the story
is like a real world you know everything
that every character does it feels real
and authentic and so there's
shortcutting I think a little bit
through some of that just to be like hey
we're gonna make sweet sweet final
season of TV so I'm okay with it I'm
very excited for tonight see how it all
wraps up I will say I will say someone
like the character decisions makes sense
from that that perspective of there
people because you know they they all
happen to be staying alive wait longer
than any commoner would I guess but
they're not really special they're kind
of just happened to get put in these
situations so you know no none of these
people are really more like masterminds
Jon Snow basically has no idea what is
doing and so that's reflected you should
also plug your video right Brendan I
mean you wrote or you have a video where
you talk about the seven times
Danny was what's the word yeah there's
any chose violence so the way I named it
I think yeah I check that one out if you
haven't watched it yet
I just I went through sort of Danny's
whole character arc people that was a
big complaint from last episode you know
that her her snap to being the mad Queen
all of a sudden and burning King's
Landing including the innocence I mean
yeah that was a big that was a big move
for her and I guess a lot of it is the
pressure getting to her but I went back
through her whole arc all the old
seasons showed the moments that yeah she
sort of has always had that in her
you know she's at the very beginning of
her character development was her and
her brother being in it together to get
back to the Iron Throne and she just
like real fast turned on him and covered
him in molten gold it's true that to
basically know you know hard decision
making he was awful but yeah she's sort
of it just watched as Khal Drogo did
that to him and was like yeah this is
right I feel good about that and it's
like oh that was your like only family
and best friend your entire life it's a
little a little cold but yeah moments
like that I didn't put that one in the
video I should have oh my gosh eight
times that's for sure
what else is uh what's up in chat what
else people talking about um so people
were talking about george RR martin and
somewheres
no like spawn IRL was saying how
originally they think that George was
supposed to be ten seasons and so there
it's now you know eight and so maybe
that's why it's feeling a little rush
which would make sense but we don't know
if we can confirm that but Jim BZ the
man nailed it
do you think tyrion will get killed ooh
tyrion you got let's go let's just go
together yes or no down the line
yes you say yesterday I know Kiran will
live no I say no I say Tyrion lose you I
see you lose
yeah feel like he's a good character
live and sort of be like oh I'm the old
wise man that lived through this and
it's really sad because all my friends
are dead what do you want where do you
want to end up I I would love for him to
be I thought it was gonna be hand over
the king at the end you know ruling the
realm basically in fact is it time to
open my envelope we're at about the 20
minute mark the other thing I would like
to make one more abrasion I don't have
anyone so this but yeah so we talked
about how Danny might just end up
staying on the throne so I think that
would involve first of all are you
getting killed it but I think that the
show might end with that setup in the
history's gonna repeat itself with a
Targaryen on a crazy Targaryen on the
throne
John just fails and goes back to the
north because you know kind of was like
that he goes back to the north
Tyrion goes back with him and marry
Sansa no that's not that I'd like that
though because they sort of like each
other that Tyrion marry Sansa and sanso
yeah that's possible too that was in the
talks they are still technically married
here oh we take more than the length of
this episode for her just to make it
funny though so this kind of goes off of
that do you guys
gonna have like a full full stop in
depending where we can walk away not we
probably won't be satisfied at this game
but where it's like somebody's on the
throne or do you think it's gonna be
super open-ended where we're still in
this kind of whirlwind of explosion oh
man I don't know I hope we get some
serious closure I'm hoping for some
closure but I sort of almost think they
maybe are gonna forget to close anything
and they're gonna oh they're like show
aired this episode of they don't like oh
we actually forgot there was not another
episode happening and they were all just
to be stuck they forgot they they only
make it so no thought there were seven
of us but the one guy that was like the
intern on set who had the seventh
episode in the film you know like drop
it oh no good we can just 6la yeah yeah
so people are saying they want you to
read the prediction so I think it's time
now let's open it up can you confirm for
me that the envelope is in fact sealed
yes where is the sword in my closet
somewhere okay so here's what I wrote
man recaps is Game of Thrones ending
theories um let's go I'll start and then
we can go down the line I'll pass it off
four different characters okay but I'll
start with the big one
are you guys ready for this on the Iron
Throne
it is the king is the child of John and
Danny I kind of thought they were gonna
do more times gonna pass
I thought that she's gonna be pregnant
for like three days and that they would
have Oh both will die in some way but
after Danny
but after Danny gives birth so that
would see mean very unlikely at this
point we would have to skip quite a bit
of time I mean if she's not pregnant and
then Tyrion serves his hand and rules
the realm in peace until the kid comes
of age so that was my big prediction
who's on the Iron Throne I was up there
I think in general popular opinions it
wasn't wasn't in the top but it was
middle of possible I really hope this
episode is not just eight months
immediately she and John just work it
out she's like honestly I don't know
what I was thinking I'm a terrible
person I'm so sorry he's like yeah I
forgive you there we go let's go for you
you can read the next rundown Jaime
Lannister kills Cersei to save the world
starts up the new nights of watch and is
yeah yeah I thought I thought that would
be a good fate for Jaime you know he
killed Cersei to save the King's Landing
I thought she was maybe gonna try to
blow it up when she saw Daenerys and Jon
coming to take it and then he would go
join the Nights Watch you know that
would be good and to his Redemption arc
yeah so question do we need a Night's
Watch anymore now that we have no night
king and the wildlings are friends with
the north you know what we don't know is
the last time there was like the White
Walkers really came south we had a long
night like how did that end did they
kill the night king but then came back
can you ever truly be killed well
Brenna's thank you moon there's gonna be
another night king there's me another
brand later exactly so you're right if
the White Walkers are actually all the
way gone the Nights Watch is kind of
pointless so yeah that would all be that
would all be useless for the next answer
all right
so Sansa will rule the North Neil's - oh
the the son of John and Danny again
which also seems very improbable at this
point I thought she'd be like oh it's my
nephew
he's Mario she's she's gonna marry
someone question mark Theon nah no
whoops and then maybe she does hey are
you right out the gate you are also
wrong are ya
Mary's Gendry not legitimized as
Baratheon kids carry on stir climb
that's in the back yeah I thought I
thought maybe Sansa after her journeys
she's sort of sworn off men now or if
maybe she ended up with Theon you know
they couldn't really have kids so then
it was Mara and Gentry it was theirs God
to just bang it out and populate the
Starks again this is just sorry it was
something very explicit about that not
being this this only this only gets
worse okay read these yeah are you going
on the dead list oh it's gonna go then
there's some smaller ones Davos goes
home to his wife I still feel good about
that yeah he has a wife somewhere I
think and maybe some younger kids I
don't know who's mentioned
Sam writes the history of the game of
Thrones which sort of makes sense you're
drawn live there yeah yeah the reason
they made a is made a Kingsguard for
real and wins the game ball yes yes he's
my life I thought he was gonna win and
then be a Kingsguard cuz he was a
Kingsguard you know and you
theoretically serve for life so I
thought that would be good if he went
back to it but no no and then you have
that Podrick sex is everyone he sex
anyone he's that he had the threesome at
the Winterfell party Oh know if you
caught that in the background on the
episode you guys remember seeing him
going on to someone think there's
something yeah one of the girls and and
then the girl the hound turned down oh
yeah she went over in products just like
okay sure yeah hello this so good for
pod so yeah that was um all of that is
mostly wrong
I was waiting I was way out huh we'll
see what happens tonight
but mostly not these do you realize you
have Brandon book the dead and alive
list crying oh here so read the dinner
libelous and for everyone I got wrong I
will attend am a white car so I think oh
no I'll take a drink for everyone that
I'm already wrong about we'll see so sir
with the same out of this started Danny
list although I guess we won't know
Devon Tilly under this one right yeah
but yeah but he's so like plenty wrong
so people are gonna be dead
our John Danny beric Dondarrion grey
worm
grey worm still alive Gray was alive no
Sade dead Brienne she's gone it'd be
very difficult for her to die at this
point she's probably Circe you're wrong
Qyburn very dead Jorah good brand dead
ooh
I thought Brandon was a goner too but he
it's gonna be hard to kill him at this
point yeah
um you have torment is dead would you
feel personally offended by it I know I
can't believe I did that guy do that
betrayed my man I'm gonna drank smoked
fun
um Varys Melisandre Fionan son saw all
day ooh
and there was Santa on there what was I
thinking yeah yeah I'll drink for Sansa
alive
you have Tyrion sent also Sansa okay so
i digitized it once and said I was
buried at your vegetable yeah
Mariana kendry Davos Sammy Gilly which
seems legit the hound
for now and he is he's a he's gone
Jamie who like even if he didn't die
from the run a bowl that's too bad must
must have bled out
you guys stabbed stabbed way to Alex
anomaly but it's not stand up and
Podrick is alive bran is live and Yara
Greyjoy he's alive we all forgot she was
in the show she sort of build really
hard and he's probably okay
she's children she in the Ireland I know
I hired islanders um you know this I
think I think the child John Danny is
like plausible because she could a
already be pregnant and be John and yet
like John easily could die by trying to
stand up to her availing and the episode
I know a lot of people I've heard have
said that they think the actual episode
will be like 3045 minutes and then
there'll be a whole you know in the
future like one year later or whatever
enclosure type thing yeah which I don't
that that wouldn't fit in like time
skipping wouldn't fit in with the
writing but like that if she's pregnant
that seems plausible other than adverse
effects like pretty far off you're right
actually I'm not I'm not totally drawing
dead-on on John and Danny's kid on the
throne it would keep it assessed on the
Thrones which everyone was it still got
it uh what about you guys put everything
up in the chat there I'm gonna read
through it after after the episode here
I want to see what you guys think I want
to see what see what's in the brain of
the populace so some people were
mentioning the wildfire that was under
the city and so they were talking about
how it would have been interesting to
see the whole city kind of explode and
walking you know how not only is Danny
killing the people but also kind of her
father is killing the people at the same
time and so there was you know some
thought of hey we didn't forget about
the wildfire wait long enough question
yeah but the wildfire was that Danny his
dad that but it there or was that Searcy
I think the implication blew up everyone
last time with lava didn't she yeah but
that was and this was something that it
was kind of hard to follow if you
weren't paying close attention but it
was it was Danny's father the Mad King
Aerys Targaryen who had caches of
wildfire all over the city source he
just found out of it so yeah so she had
Kagura and they found enough they used
it to blow up the Sept so theoretically
yeah they use the green explosions we
saw last episode where some of the you
know the wildfire they found that was
right there so yeah Whizzer
being on yeah she has become her father
see I took that to mean that sir she had
planted that and was playing the blow
everything up if she lost regardless so
like it was all the people were gonna
die anyway but yeah miss Casa
Entertainment and Mike Hermes on both
side yeah both of them you know knew it
was there but it was the Mad King she
kind of just used the leftovers yeah
yeah which is we remember that's why
Jamie killed the Mad King was because he
hear about the Wildfire to stop the
destruction of a full city and mike says
he misses you guys we miss you yeah so
lots of good chats going on I think
people are starting to get ready for the
episode yeah we're getting close here
yeah I want to give you everyone enough
time to to really get in the mood
get ready for it I'm still not mentally
prepared it doesn't feel real yet what's
the view song kicks in we have no
landing change
I think the intro visuals kept changing
yeah about the music but I hope so it'd
be pop out if they don't change it I
mean yeah you gotta feel it
King's Landing on fire they must have a
lot of stuff that has like nothing to do
right over work 3d guys guys I can't I
can't do all this like you left this
statue all right yeah I get on there and
oh they're fun questions right we could
talk forever yeah truly be yeah just we
have oh I have a question so I know
there's been I haven't looked this up at
all but I know there's been talking
multiple spin-offs being approved yeah
true one once been a code name they're
working on is something like Blood Moon
and that one is actually like in their
starting production on it interesting so
at least one game of Thrones spin-off
there's no yeah people there's a few
actors that are you know confirmed in it
but we don't know what it is it could be
speculation is it's sort of a long time
ago it's gonna be some old dragon some
Targaryen stuff going on every phone
maybe the long night you know we'll find
out more about the origin the White
Walkers odds of getting tormented ghosts
spin-off because I mean everyone watch
that yeah I mean I think if we're gonna
make a petition yeah they're running for
that petition don't worry about this
season let's go and let's get tormented
as an animated series
just like actually just anime ghost
learns to talk needs to be a kid show to
the torment starts a giant's milk side
business wandering merchants great Game
of Thrones has been wonderful it's been
a it's been the best eight years of my
life yeah probably just cuz I was
existing anyway I guess but but also
Game of Thrones helped I love this show
so much it was incredible for so long
it's anything strong video do you watch
like season 1 episode 1 like the day it
came out I was like I was not there it
was right after season 1 ended someone
was like Brandon you clearly love Game
of Thrones watch this and I binge tit
all that night I did not stop after
episode 1 it was a rough day the next
day but yeah and then right after that I
was like boom all the books into season
2 loved it so some of the best it's been
great and guys it's been great having
you with us here joining us thanks for
coming to the little pre-show party hope
you guys are having a good one
yourselves and I hope that you enjoy
this final episode hit me up on twitter
at mana recaps I'm gonna Instagram to I
know you guys love social media I'm an
old fart so I don't I don't know how to
use it as well but I'm just kidding imma
miss my youtube or our social media
influence your money alright
oh yeah you know but I'd love to see
what you guys say yeah tweet me
Instagram me Facebook me youtube comment
me and tell me everything about Game of
Thrones episode - do slide off whatever
it takes and it just looks daggers in
hey guys it's been fantastic thanks for
all you for being here oh yeah man
recaps